Welcome to your retake assignment.
For all the material that you need todo this assignment please consult our class on canvas



1. Think about what you would like to do as a project 
Do the proper class design of every object that you are going to have . Your proect must implement inheritance in its design.
Write pseudo code for every method that you are going to have.
Submit five test cases for each object
Submit as a PDF

2. Organize your design into packages
Put appropriate access modifiers on your classes, attributes, and methods.
Submit a pdf file,


3.Write the full code of your project so far.
Write all the test of your project so far .
You need to write them and attach a PDF document which shows the description of the text and its status, whether it failed, or passed.
If you had an error you need to mention which one, and do this in a table, with the following columns:
Test number, description, test data, Test status(fail, or pass) and error (which contains the error that happened if any or "no error", if no error occurred).


4. Do the graphical user interface of all the screens that you are going to need for your project.
You do not need to include event handling, but if you can include that, please feel free to do so.
Apart from the code, you will submit a document with a list of all the screens, or the the user interfaces that your project has, and the classes that do that in your code.
The document will also contain screenshots of all the screens that you have done.

5. you are tasked to finish up your applications
Put in all the necessary event handling and package your application into a runnable jar.
For those making websites, this is a time fo finish up all the work that you haven't, incorporating feedback from assignment 8
Also you need to provide a shortcut to your runnable jar with a different image other than the default java one
You need to package your applications, as self contained executables with corresponding setup installables,
so that even when a person does not have java installed on their computer, they can still install your program and use it.
Feel free to refer to my example or do it your way as long as you achieve the desired result.

Make a small video of you installing and interacting with your application

Submition:
PDF document as answer to question 1 /20%
PDF document as answer to question 2 /10%
Source code(commit on your git repository) and PDF document as answer to question 3 /30% 
Commit your improved source code as answer to question 4 /20%
Commit your final source code, your .jar , your .exe and the small presentation video /20 as answer to uestion 5
